README.md, before:

[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/futagoza/meg.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/futagoza/meg)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/meg.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/meg)
[![dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/futagoza/meg.svg)](https://david-dm.org/futagoza/meg)
[![devDependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/futagoza/meg.svg)](https://david-dm.org/futagoza/meg#info=devDependencies)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-mit-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# about meg

Meg is a meta language with macros defined by a PEG based syntax and language-independent operations.

# features

  * PEG grammar to define macro syntax's
  * Language-independent operator based operations
  * Pre-processor and ECMAScript libraries
  * Just-in-time (JIT) compiler to execute source
  * JavaScript and C parser generators
  * Generators are re-definable from Meg grammar

# install

Both of these methods require Node 4+ installed on your system.

###### to use as a command line tool

  ```shell
  npm install -g meg
  ```

###### to use as a node.js module

  ```shell
  npm install --save-dev meg
  ```

# license

Copyright (c) 2016+ Futago-za Ryuu<br>
The MIT License, [http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

added new section: install/development-version

README.md, after:

[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/futagoza/meg.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/futagoza/meg)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/meg.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/meg)
[![dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/futagoza/meg.svg)](https://david-dm.org/futagoza/meg)
[![devDependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/futagoza/meg.svg)](https://david-dm.org/futagoza/meg#info=devDependencies)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-mit-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# about meg

Meg is a meta language with macros defined by a PEG based syntax and language-independent operations.

# features

  * PEG grammar to define macro syntax's
  * Language-independent operator based operations
  * Pre-processor and ECMAScript libraries
  * Just-in-time (JIT) compiler to execute source
  * JavaScript and C parser generators
  * Generators are re-definable from Meg grammar

# install

All of these methods require Node 4+ installed on your system.

###### to use as a command line tool

  ```shell
  npm install -g meg
  ```

###### to use as a Node.js module

  ```shell
  npm install --save-dev meg
  ```

###### development version, via GIT and NPM

  ```shell
  git clone https://github.com/futagoza/meg.git
  cd meg
  npm install
  ```

# license

Copyright (c) 2016+ Futago-za Ryuu<br>
The MIT License, [http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
